menu "C Standard Library"

choice
	prompt "Library String Option"
	default CONFIG_LIBC_STRING
	help
		The C Standard Library provides a complete string interface including
		string manipulation, comparison, and memory operations. When enabled,
		applications can use standard string functions like strcpy, strcmp, and
		memcpy. The default 'y' setting is recommended for most systems as string
		operations are fundamental to most applications.

config CONFIG_LIBC_STRING
	bool "Enable Library String"
endchoice

config CONFIG_LIBC_STD
	bool "Enable Library STD"
	default y
	help
		The C Standard Library provides standard interface including
		file I/O, memory management, and basic utility functions. When enabled,
		applications can use standard C library functions. The default 'y' setting
		is recommended for most systems as it provides essential functionality.

config CONFIG_LIBC_CRYPT
	bool "Enable Library Crypt"
	default n
	help
		It is primarily used for password hashing, which is a
		fundamental security mechanism in the system. When enabled,
		applications can use cryptographic functions for secure password
		storage and verification. The default 'n' setting is recommended
		for systems without security requirements to reduce library footprint.

config CONFIG_LIBC_SCHED
	bool "Enable Library Sched"
	default y
	help
		The C Standard Library provides a complete scheduling interface including
		thread creation, priority management, and scheduling policies. When enabled,
		applications can use POSIX-compliant scheduling APIs. The default 'y' setting
		is recommended for systems requiring real-time task scheduling. Disable this
		only if your application does not require advanced scheduling features.

config CONFIG_LIBC_THREAD
	bool "Enable Library Thread"
	default y
	depends on CONFIG_USER_SPACE
	help
		The C Standard Library provides a complete thread interface including
		thread creation, synchronization primitives. When enabled, applications
		can use POSIX-compliant threading APIs. The default 'y' setting is 
		recommended for systems requiring multithreading support.

config CONFIG_LIBC_SEM_VALUE_MAX
	int "Maximum Semaphore Value"
	default 32
	range 1 64
	depends on CONFIG_LIBC_THREAD
	help
		Maximum value that a semaphore can hold in the system. This value
		determines the upper limit for semaphore counts during operations
		like sem_post(). The default value of 32 is suitable for most
		embedded systems.

endmenu
